Please find the assessment questions attached with this mail assessment should be submitted within monday.
Django Application Development: 
    a. Let us assume we are creating a Django REST based application to display Employee-Manager  relationships. 
    b. When the REST call is made, the application would get all employees with their manager  name and return in JSON format. 
Example: 
    Employee is A -> Manager is B 
    Employee is B -> Manager is C 
    ….. this continues till CEO who does not have a manager 

Points to be considered: 
    1. Everybody is an employee in the organization including managers. 
    2. Every employee has a manager except the CEO who does not have a manager. 3. There are only three fields that are of interest here: Employee ID, Employee name, Manager  name. 

Expectations: 
    1. Create a Django application with one GET REST API which when called would return a list of  Employee ID, Employee Name, Manager Name. 
        Example: 
            [ 
            { 
                "emp_id": 1, 
                "emp_name": "A",
                "manager_name": "B" 
            }, 
            { 
                "emp_id": 2, 
                "emp_name": "C", 
                "manager_name": "B" 
            }, 
                ……………… 
            ] 
    2. The Employee-Manager relationship should be modelled in the models file with proper primary  and foreign key relationships 

    3. From the above point, you could write the same query using SQL syntax and place the query in a  separate .sql file.
       This will not be executed as part of the Django application and will be used  only by us to validate. 
    4. The data should be queried and return to the views file
    5. The whole project should be sent to us so that we can execute and validate
    6. SQlite should be used so that the data can be sent to us along with the project.
    7. We’ll also validate the readability of the code.
       So, kindly make the design as understandable as  possible.

